adding a JavaScript/Jinja example to dropdowns.md (#4886)
plotly/plotly.py: doc/python/dropdowns.md

fig.show()
```

> ### Creating several independent graphs and using Jinja to insert them into a JavaScript enabled webpage 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Embedding Multiple Graphs in a Webpage using Jinja
```
We can shorten this if possible, so it takes up less space on the left sidebar

Author: Good suggestion.  What would you think of "Using a Dropdown to Select a Graph Using Jinja" as a short title?

It is straight forward to  create each potential view as a separate graph and then use Jinja to insert each potential view into a div on a JavaScript enabled webpage with a drop down that chooses which div to display.  This approach produces code that requires little customization or updating as you e.g. add, drop, or reorder views or traces, so it is particularly compelling for prototyping and rapid iteration.  It produces web pages that are larger than the webpages produced through the built in method which is a consideration for very large figures with hundreds or thousands of data points in traces that appear in multiple selections.  This approach requires both a Python program and a Jinja template file.  The documentation on [using Jinja templates with Plotly](https://plotly.com/python/interactive-html-export/#inserting-plotly-output-into-html-using-a-jinja2-template) is relevant background.  

#### Python Code File

```
import plotly.express as px

> from jinja2 import Template

Reviewer: I think this needs to be marked as a python block.
Right now it's rendering as text:
<img width="557" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e564382c-8ed8-4335-ae53-66a77aed66b0">

Author: agreed!  Thanks!

Author: Added in commit 5; there's something funky with the preview screen -- neither the example -- which demonstrably renders correctly when live -- nor my new commit convert e.g. &gt; to > in preview mode.  I hope I've done everything right, but it's difficult to tell.

    data_for_jinja["dropdown_entries"]+=f"<option value='{figname}'>{fig_dict[figname].layout.title.text}</option>"
    #YOU MAY NEED TO UPDATE THE LINK TO THE LATEST PLOTLY.JS
    fig_html = fig_dict[figname].to_html(full_html=False, config=dict(responsive=False, scrollZoom=False, doubleClick=False), include_plotlyjs = "https://cdn.plot.ly/plotly-2.35.2.min.js")
    initially_hide_divs_other_than_the_first = "style=""display:none;"""*(n>0)   
    data_for_jinja["divs"]+=f'<div id="{figname}" class="content-div" {initially_hide_divs_other_than_the_first}>{fig_html}{text_dict[figname]}</div>'

# Insert data into the template and write the file to disk
# YOU WILL LIKELY NEED TO CUSTOMIZE THESE PATHS
input_template_path=r"C:\data\demo_template.jinja"
output_html_path=r"C:\data\demo_result.html"

with open(output_html_path, "w", encoding='utf-8') as output_file:
    with open(input_template_path) as template_file:
        j2_template = Template(template_file.read())
        output_file.write(j2_template.render(data_for_jinja))
```

#### Jinja HTML Template

```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">

> </head>

Reviewer: I'm not certain why, but this renders like this in the generated page. We probably want to mark it as txt. Do you edit the files in a Jupyter notebook or the md file directly

<img width="970" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f9219aa0-44f0-4648-a26f-7ff17cfe0f9e">

Author: I just committed changes that resolve this problem.  The preview now looks good to me.

fig.show()
```

### Creating several independent graphs and using Jinja to insert them into a JavaScript enabled webpage 

> It is straight forward to  create each potential view as a separate graph and then use Jinja to insert each potential view into a div on a JavaScript enabled webpage with a drop down that chooses which div to display.  This approach produces code that requires little customization or updating as you e.g. add, drop, or reorder views or traces, so it is particularly compelling for prototyping and rapid iteration.  It produces web pages that are larger than the webpages produced through the built in method which is a consideration for very large figures with hundreds or thousands of data points in traces that appear in multiple selections.  This approach requires both a Python program and a Jinja template file.  The documentation on [using Jinja templates with Plotly](https://plotly.com/python/interactive-html-export/#inserting-plotly-output-into-html-using-a-jinja2-template) is relevant background.  
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is straight forward to create each potential view as a separate graph and then use Jinja to insert each potential view into a div on a JavaScript enabled webpage with a dropdown that chooses which div to display. This approach produces code that requires little customization or updating as you e.g. add, drop, or reorder views or traces, so it is particularly compelling for prototyping and rapid iteration. It produces web pages that are larger than the webpages produced through the built in method which is a consideration for very large figures with hundreds or thousands of data points in traces that appear in multiple selections. This approach requires both a Python program and a Jinja template file.  The documentation on [using Jinja templates with Plotly](https://plotly.com/python/interactive-html-export/#inserting-plotly-output-into-html-using-a-jinja2-template) is relevant background.  

```

#### Python Code File

```
import plotly.express as px
from jinja2 import Template
import collections
# Load the gapminder dataset
df = px.data.gapminder()

> #create a dictionary with Plotly figures as values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a dictionary with Plotly figures as values
```

# the value for the "divs" key is a string with a series of <div> tags, each containing the content that appears only when the user selects the corresponding item from the dropdown
# in this example, the content of each div is a figure and descriptive text.  
data_for_jinja= collections.defaultdict(str)
text_dict = {}
for n, figname in enumerate(fig_dict.keys()):
    text_dict[figname]=f"Here is some custom text about the {figname} figure"  #This is a succinct way to populate text_dict; in practice you'd probably populate it manually elsewhere
    data_for_jinja["dropdown_entries"]+=f"<option value='{figname}'>{fig_dict[figname].layout.title.text}</option>"
    #YOU MAY NEED TO UPDATE THE LINK TO THE LATEST PLOTLY.JS
    fig_html = fig_dict[figname].to_html(full_html=False, config=dict(responsive=False, scrollZoom=False, doubleClick=False), include_plotlyjs = "https://cdn.plot.ly/plotly-2.35.2.min.js")
    initially_hide_divs_other_than_the_first = "style=""display:none;"""*(n>0)   
    data_for_jinja["divs"]+=f'<div id="{figname}" class="content-div" {initially_hide_divs_other_than_the_first}>{fig_html}{text_dict[figname]}</div>'

> # Insert data into the template and write the file to disk
> # YOU WILL LIKELY NEED TO CUSTOMIZE THESE PATHS
> input_template_path=r"C:\data\demo_template.jinja"
> output_html_path=r"C:\data\demo_result.html"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Insert data into the template and write the file to disk
# You'll need to add the path to your template and where to output the generated file
input_template_path=r"<path-to-Jinja-template.html>"
output_html_path=r"<path-to-output-file.html>"
```

                     hover_name='country',size="pop", size_max=55 
                     )
    #Standardizing the axes makes the graphs easier to compare
    fig_dict[continent].update_xaxes(range=[0,50000])
    fig_dict[continent].update_yaxes(range=[25,90])

    
# Create a dictionary, data_for_jinja with two entries:
# the value for the "dropdown_entries" key is a string containing a series of <option> tags, one tag for each item in the drop down
# the value for the "divs" key is a string with a series of <div> tags, each containing the content that appears only when the user selects the corresponding item from the dropdown
# in this example, the content of each div is a figure and descriptive text.  
data_for_jinja= collections.defaultdict(str)
text_dict = {}
for n, figname in enumerate(fig_dict.keys()):
    text_dict[figname]=f"Here is some custom text about the {figname} figure"  #This is a succinct way to populate text_dict; in practice you'd probably populate it manually elsewhere
    data_for_jinja["dropdown_entries"]+=f"<option value='{figname}'>{fig_dict[figname].layout.title.text}</option>"
    #YOU MAY NEED TO UPDATE THE LINK TO THE LATEST PLOTLY.JS

>     fig_html = fig_dict[figname].to_html(full_html=False, config=dict(responsive=False, scrollZoom=False, doubleClick=False), include_plotlyjs = "https://cdn.plot.ly/plotly-2.35.2.min.js")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fig_html = fig_dict[figname].to_html(full_html=False, config=dict(responsive=False, scrollZoom=False, doubleClick=False), include_plotlyjs = "cdn")
```
I think this could be just cdn so we don't have to keep the version in the example up to date
